README.md, before:

Following tutorial at [wasmbyexample.dev](https://wasmbyexample.dev/examples/hello-world/hello-world.c.en-us.html). Hello world using emscripten to generate HTML, Javascript and WASM (http://localhost:8000/hello.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc hello.c -O3 -o hello.html
$ node hello.js
hello, world!
$ python -m http.server 8000
Serving HTTP on 0.0.0.0 port 8000 (http://0.0.0.0:8000/) ...
```

Also from that tutorial, there's a Caesar cypher using emscripten to generate just WASM (http://localhost:8000/caesar.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc -Os -s STANDALONE_WASM -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_caesarEncrypt', '_caesarDecrypt']" -Wl,--no-entry "caesar.cpp" -o "caesar.wasm"
```

Reverse a string using emscripten to generate just WASM (http://localhost:8000/reverse.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc -Os -s STANDALONE_WASM -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_reverse']" -Wl,--no-entry "reverse.c" -o "reverse.wasm"
```

Random numbers using emscripten to generate Javascript and WASM (http://localhost:8000/randoms.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc -Os -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_printit','_main']" randoms.c -o randoms.js
```

Also works in Node:

```
$ node
Welcome to Node.js v16.13.1.
Type ".help" for more information.
> var randoms = require('./randoms.js')
undefined
> Starting...

> randoms._printit()
0.830624
0.165981
0.218746
0.534809
0.715307
```

Wordle (http://localhost:8000):

```
$ emcc -Os -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_guess','_solution','_main', '_validate']" wordle.c -o wordle.js
```

Some lessons learned:

* The `-s STANDALONE_WASM` flag screws up the `time()` function - the return value and hence the random seed is always 0, so the game works but it's always the same word.
* Byte arrays from `TextEncoder.encode()` are not null terminated, but some functions in C depend on that, so you have to pass in a buffer with the extra null. The WASM memory is initialized with nulls, so those functions work as long as you don't write into the memory above the string.
* You have to zero out the arrays that you pass to the WASM after using them, unless you don't care about leaking between calls, and possibly getting wrong results (null terminated strings).
* A buffer of length 1 is always an empty string, even if the first element is non-null in Javascript. That's why we always create buffers with size `value.length + 1` to pass a string `value` down into the WASM.

Commit message:

Tighten up foo.js module loader

README.md, after:

Following tutorial at [wasmbyexample.dev](https://wasmbyexample.dev/examples/hello-world/hello-world.c.en-us.html). Hello world using emscripten to generate HTML, Javascript and WASM (http://localhost:8000/hello.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc hello.c -O3 -o hello.html
$ node hello.js
hello, world!
$ python -m http.server 8000
Serving HTTP on 0.0.0.0 port 8000 (http://0.0.0.0:8000/) ...
```

Also from that tutorial, there's a Caesar cypher using emscripten to generate just WASM (http://localhost:8000/caesar.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc -Os -s STANDALONE_WASM -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_caesarEncrypt', '_caesarDecrypt']" -Wl,--no-entry "caesar.cpp" -o "caesar.wasm"
```

Reverse a string using emscripten to generate just WASM (http://localhost:8000/reverse.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc -Os -s STANDALONE_WASM -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_reverse']" -Wl,--no-entry "reverse.c" -o "reverse.wasm"
```

Random numbers using emscripten to generate Javascript and WASM (http://localhost:8000/randoms.html and look at console):

```
$ emcc -Os -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_printit','_main']" -s EXPORT_ES6=1 randoms.c -o randoms.js
```

Also works in Node. The generated Javascript is kind of [buggy](https://github.com/emscripten-core/emscripten/issues/11792) so you have to set up some globals:

```
$ node
Welcome to Node.js v16.13.1.
Type ".help" for more information.
> await import('path').then(path => globalThis.__dirname = path.dirname('./randoms.js'));
> await import('module').then(module => globalThis.require = module.createRequire(new URL("file://" + process.cwd())));
> var randoms = await import('./randoms.js').then(module => module.default({ locateFile: function (path) { return './' + path; } }));
```

It's a bit simpler if you can just use CommonJS (compile without the ES6 flag):

```
$ emcc -Os -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_printit','_main']" randoms.c -o randoms.cjs
```

and

```
$ node
Welcome to Node.js v16.13.1.
Type ".help" for more information.
> var randoms = require('./randoms.cjs')
undefined
> Starting...

> randoms._printit()
0.830624
0.165981
0.218746
0.534809
0.715307
```

(You can also use `random.js` as the filename but then you have to `rm package.json` first to switch off ES6 in the REPL.)

Boilerplate for importing ES6 modules is illustrated in `foo.js`, which imports `bar.js` (generated by emscripten). The same thing but without hard coding the target script name is in `bar-loader.js`.

Wordle (http://localhost:8000):

```
$ emcc -Os -s EXPORTED_FUNCTIONS="['_guess','_solution','_main', '_validate', '_reset']" wordle.c -o wordle.js
```

Some lessons learned:

* The `-s STANDALONE_WASM` flag screws up the `time()` function - the return value and hence the random seed is always 0, so the game works but it's always the same word.
* Byte arrays from `TextEncoder.encode()` are not null terminated, but some functions in C depend on that, so you have to pass in a buffer with the extra null. The WASM memory is initialized with nulls, so those functions work as long as you don't write into the memory above the string.
* You have to zero out the arrays that you pass to the WASM after using them, unless you don't care about leaking between calls, and possibly getting wrong results (null terminated strings).
* A buffer of length 1 is always an empty string, even if the first element is non-null in Javascript. That's why we always create buffers with size `value.length + 1` to pass a string `value` down into the WASM.
